_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
permalink: /
title:  Janaki Sheth
description: <a href="">Postdoctoral Fellow at Perelman School of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania</a>.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  address: >
    <p>Stemmler Hall G10</p>
    <p>3450 Hamilton Walk</p>
    <p>Philadelphia, PA - 19146</p>  

news: true
social: true
header: true
---

I am a postdoc in the [Lab of Auditory Coding](https://hosting.med.upenn.edu/hearing/team/) at UPenn where I study how we process auditory 
information using bayesian models and neuronal network analysis.

My interests broadly lie at the intersection of statistical mechanics, machine learning and neuroscience.

In summer 2020, I interned with [Dr. Young-suk Lee](https://researcher.watson.ibm.com/researcher/view.php?person=us-ysuklee) at IBM in Yorktown Heights working on Natural Language Processing.

During my PhD years, I have been fortunate to work with Professors [Dolores Bozovic](https://bozoviclab.physics.ucla.edu/home.html) and the late 
[Alex Levine](http://alevine.chem.ucla.edu/) 
studying how the inner processes sounds into electrical signals using methods from non-equilibrium statistical mechanics. I additionally 
collaborated with Professor [William Speier](https://mii.ucla.edu/people/william-speier-phd) as a visiting researcher, on a brain-machine 
interface project where we worked towards translating neural signals to text using machine learning and deep learning techniques.

Prior to this, I graduated with a B.Tech from Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay majoring in Engineering Physics and with a minor in Electrical Engineering.

My resume can be found [here](https://www.dropbox.com/s/29gw4zs19ocuvnr/2021-04-22%20Janaki%20Sheth%20resume.pdf?dl=0) and complete academic CV [here](https://www.dropbox.com/s/8ga38xg94kiyl2t/2021-08-07%20Janaki%20Sheth%20academic%20cv.pdf?dl=0).

Commit message:

Revise about page for updated professional details
Updated professional title and description, reflecting current position as a Data Science Senior Consultant at ClearView Healthcare Partners. Revised content to better highlight expertise in statistical mechanics, machine learning, and healthcare.

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
permalink: /
title:  Janaki Sheth
description: <a href="">Data Sceience Senior Consultant, ClearView HealthCare Partners</a>.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  address: >
    <p>111 W 33rd St</p>
    <p>NYC, NY - 10016</p>  

news: true
social: true
header: true
---

I am highly interested in statistical mechanics, machine learning and healthcare, and I have extensively worked at the intersection of these fields.

Currently, I am a Data Science Senior Consultant at [ClearView Healthcare Partners](https://clearviewhcp.com/) where I leverage real-world data sources, e.g. claims, electronic health records and physician surveys, to develop strategic insights and advise pharmaceutical enterprises in launch and commercialization of their drugs. My work often specializes in oncology indications.

Prior to ClearView, I was a postdoc in the [Lab of Auditory Coding](https://hosting.med.upenn.edu/hearing/positions/) at Perelman School of Medicine, UPenn where I studied how we perceive and process auditory information using bayesian models and network analysis.

In summer 2020, I interned with [Dr. Young-suk Lee](https://researcher.watson.ibm.com/researcher/view.php?person=us-ysuklee) at the IBM Natural Language Processing group in Yorktown Heights working on Abstract Meaning Representation.

During my PhD years, I was fortunate to work with Professors [Dolores Bozovic](http://www.pa.ucla.edu/directory/dolores-bozovic) and [Alex Levine](http://alevine.chem.ucla.edu/) studying the inner ear transduction of sounds into electrical signals using methods from non-equilibrium statistical mechanics. I additionally collaborated with Professor [William Speier](https://mii.ucla.edu/people/wspeier/) as a visiting researcher, on a brain-machine interface project where we translated neural signals to text using machine learning and deep learning techniques.

Prior to this, I graduated with a B.Tech from Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay with a major in Engineering Physics and a minor in Electrical Engineering.

My resume can be found [here](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fi/0jz3v6xw6ol2cu1hqrj60/Janaki_Sheth-resume.pdf?rlkey=dtd70xnu0jl9eh9dyvyda67u6&st=aibgnrvj&dl=0) and complete academic CV [here](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fi/g15c3j0v4rn2prnnw34s5/Janaki-Sheth-academic-cv.pdf?rlkey=64fi9k5qgtdgntz5e6hllmw6m&st=zug30tf6&dl=0).
